DOCSP-43248-upgrade-catch2-library (#90)
mongodb/docs-cpp: source/upgrade.txt

- Drops support for {+mdb-server+} v3.6.
- Requires MongoDB C Driver v1.28.0 or later.

> - If the ``ENABLE_TESTS`` configuration option is set to ``ON``, you must configure
>   the driver to use C++14 or later. You can opt out of the C++14 requirement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the ``ENABLE_TESTS`` configuration option is set to ``ON``, C++14 or later is required. You can opt out of the C++14 requirement
```

Suggest removing "you must configure". Some compilers enable C++14 by default and do not require explicit configuration. [Example](https://clang.llvm.org/cxx_status.html#:~:text=By%20default%2C%20Clang%2016%20or,in%20Clang%204%20and%20earlier):

>  By default, Clang 16 or later builds C++ code according to the C++17 standard.

  MSVC. This is an ABI breaking change if you use an alternative
  default calling convention when building projects.

> - If the ``ENABLE_TESTS`` variable is set to ``ON`` while building tests in CMake,

Reviewer 2: I: Since this change involves configuration options, I'd move this bullet to the "Build System Breaking Changes in v3.11" section

  the compiler must be updated to C++14. Users can opt out of the C++14 requirement

>   by disabling tests with ``ENABLE_TESTS=OFF{`` during CMake configuration.

Reviewer 2: S: remove {
```suggestion
  by disabling tests with ``ENABLE_TESTS=OFF`` during CMake configuration.
```
